---
layout: post
title: Progress 2025 Week 42
date: 2025-10-20T16:00:00.000Z
permalink: /post/2025-10-20-progress-2025-week-42
published: true
---

Week 2 of progress posts and I'm already a day late, oops.
It hasn't been a very productive week in terms of progress but that doesn't mean I haven't been busy.
Overall there were some IRL things for me to be busy with but I have also spent some time on relaxing.
Let's get into the things I did work on though.

## Post Caturra Launch Problems
After the launch of Caturra last week we noticed that emails specifically sent to gmail addresses would arrive late.
Thanks to [addison](https://github.com/addidotlol) helping out with some troubleshooting we eventually figured out that DMARC wasn't properly setup.
After fixing this we finally got faster emails.

## Full TUYU Leaderboard update
Last week I deployed a partial update to the TUYU leaderboard website thanks to the frontend work by [Miquel](https://github.com/MiquelVZLA).
Miquel already worked last week on moving everything over to React, I hadn't deployed this yet since I had no experience with deploying React apps.
This week I figured out the steps to deploy and managed to get it up and running.
You should check it out at [https://tuyu.slicegames.nl](https://tuyu.slicegames.nl).

To deploy this the backend and frontend were separated which means the information is now fetched through a separate api.
This TUYU leaderboard setup is becoming more of a mess the more changes happen.
Because the previous setup has proven to be incredibly stable I don't want to move things too much but the system is becoming increasingly more complex to deploy.
I should probably do some proper maintenance soon.

## Quick fire changes
- Not coding related but I did some work preparing for the next osu! TUYU cup.
- Had more discussions about the future of Trinity. Took a bit to get our thoughts in but we have a plan now. More information about this soon when I have everything finalized and have the time to write a post about it.
- Post Caturra launch we also noticed that the user api endpoint was not following our own documentation, a fix was made for this but hasn't been deployed yet.

Next week should be a bit more productive, cya next week!